VIDEO + TEXT

Hear Kendrick Lamar, Thundercat on Funky Lament 'Walk on By'
Thundercat pleads for understanding from recently released new album 'Drunk'

Kendrick Lamar joins Thundercat on "Walk on By," a melancholy number from the bassist's 'Drunk' album.

Kendrick Lamar contributes characteristically virtuosic rapping to Thundercat's mournful new ballad "Walk on By." The song appears on Thundercat's album Drunk, released Friday. The song reunites the two musicians after  Thundercat played bass on a number of songs on Lamar's  To Pimp A Butterfly album.

Thundercat Plots Massive 2017 World Tour
Jazz-funk bassist to launch North American leg in February with two-night San Francisco stand

"Walk on By" has a melancholic groove thanks to Thundercat's pleading chorus: "At the end of it all/ No one wants to drink alone/ Baby that's how it goes/ Don't walk away from me." A sharp drum machine holds down the beat.

The tone changes halfway with intricate rapping from Lamar. The MC ducks and weaves through his verse, stopping suddenly and then gushing syllables a moment later; he refuses to establish a steady flow. "Nine times out of ten, young niggas are nine or ten/ When the line becomes thin: be a killer or fireman," he raps.

Thundercat's Drunk also features Flying Lotus, Kenny Loggins and Michael McDonald. The bassist is currently touring the United States.


-------

*** Second result wasnt readable since it was a subscription based site, even when trying to force the text  ***


-------

*** Third site offered listening through spotify and provided the album as a playlist ***

Last night, Thundercat dropped his freewheeling new LP, Drunk. The project is his first since 2015’s mini-album The Beyond / Where the Giants Roam and his first full-length since 2013’s Apocalypse. Since Apocalypse, Thundercat has remained a mainstay through key contributions on Kendrick Lamar’s To Pimp a Butterfly and his continued work with Brainfeeder founder Flying Lotus.

Drunk stands at 23 tracks long with features from yacht rock legends Michael McDonald and Kenny Loggins, Wiz Khalifa, Kendrick Lamar, and Pharrell. Thundercat will also be touring behind the album into the spring. Find the tour dates here and stream Drunk below.